The great young master's strength everyone saw it.
If you want to come back.
I will give you a chance, I will.
Cheers!
Me too.
Bitch.
Is it good for you to forget the Second Young Master?
Is Master Zhang Dao only good to you?
That s right, who doesn t know you because the Master has already climbed into the Second Master s bed.
Zhang Dao, you're a shameless whore.
Truong Dao friends
It's okay, they're always their losses.
I will use all the resources of the company for you.
You will definitely become the hottest owner in the whole network.
Second Young Master, aren't you online today?
Don't you know that Zhang Dao's vulgar photos have been circulating online?
What has the live stream account been blocked?
The second young man